https://youtu.be/V__T6TEXobA - Lesson overview
https://youtu.be/567-mVblChI - What is ML?
https://youtu.be/IFqpMGZRaGc - Applications of ML
https://youtu.be/cy6RinIoteM - Brief history of ML
https://youtu.be/xX66AYbEJJY - The data science process
https://youtu.be/11Hcp1ts494 - Common types of data
https://youtu.be/BCl4VaChdPk - Tabular data
https://youtu.be/DBML5tG138I
https://youtu.be/NyrL6ein-pw - Scaling data
https://youtu.be/n2uIykJkJ44 - Encoding categorical data
https://youtu.be/ZTID77K760Y - Image data
https://youtu.be/Y5C-fVOEj8g - Text data - the whole pipeline
https://youtu.be/-STuxIvMhHo - Two perspectives on ML
https://youtu.be/4uHZkcRJ_J8 - The computer science perspective
https://youtu.be/mRjQmAKpwgs - The statistical perspective
https://youtu.be/jj_06syZGEg - The tools for ML
https://youtu.be/M9zUzwhIto4 - Libraries
https://youtu.be/YGssK4vvQak - Cloud Services
https://youtu.be/e2-yhSuxVMQ
https://youtu.be/rnKuhPp-9AU - Models vs algorithms
https://youtu.be/RsQEl8zay3Y - Linear regression
https://youtu.be/kbdMEfNf2eQ - Learning functions
https://youtu.be/t9tQF3nn54M - Parametric vs non parametric
https://youtu.be/BYFfpR0thCA - Classical ML vs Deep Learning
https://youtu.be/2_JMdUc0D0c - Approaches to ML
https://youtu.be/UC8i4--WQoA - The tradeoffs
https://youtu.be/X1DotdITKyE
https://youtu.be/Hoh74KrKh5k - Lesson summary
